# UK TRE Community management Working Group - 21/11/23

## Links


## Attendees
- Rob
- David
- Madalyn
- Simon
- Hari
- Michelle


## Agenda

### December event

| Time | Agenda Item |
| ---- | ----------- |
| 13:30 - 13:45 | Welcome and intro |
| 13:45 - 14:30 | Keynote plus Q&A  |
| 14:30 - 14:45 | Community updates |
| 14:45 - 14:55 | Break |
| 14:55 - 15:00 | Intro to breakout rooms |
| 15:00 - 15:45 | Breakout rooms (more general/more specific) |
| 15:45 - 15:55 | Break |
| 15:55 - 16:00 | Intro to breakout rooms |
| 16:00 - 16:45 | Breakout rooms (more general/more specific) |
| 16:45 - 17:00 | Wrap up |


- Dec event: Someone (name redacted) very keen (have made several contributions) on participating and have proposed a topic on their suggested WG. Do allow them enough time, maybe even an update during Keynote time?
- Workshops are problem solving time to co-work on an issue someone brings
    - Does this work?
    - Until it does, should we be populating it ourselves?
    - It needs to be more immediately obvious, even us are struggling. 
    - Diff between working and interest group may be the same thing we are struggling with
    - past feedback is that 20 minute sessions have been too short, let's gear towards 45'. And maybe Project workshops and discussions can happen at the same time, present them correctly and everyone can wander off to them.
        - Agree on this, but also clarifying terminology on what each breakout room will do
        - Prepare template for the proposer, then distribute and ask attendees to join prepare to provide solutions rather than just general thoughts on the topic
        - Maybe then project workshop proposers make a lighting talk before breaking?
    - Agreed: two 45 mins breakouts (for everything)
    - Add an ad hoc one on the day, or a main room discussion.
- Breakout rooms are less structured, and more general discussion on topics
- How far on advance to share the agenda?
    - We normally have a hackmd for the day, maybe we can share it in advance and update it as we go.

#### Github tour and skill-up
- Can the GH project part of the discussions? how to use, how to reproduce
    - Depending on how far we are to it, and how the room feels
- Should we prepare a 1 minute video on how to use this project? If we are basically using it as a Trello equivalent

### Web content
- Open [PR on the new proposed structure](https://github.com/uk-tre/website/pull/21)
- Idea is have a nice landing page, that redirects to other resources (which are not necessarily pages of this same site, but read the docs, GH, etc.)
- Another example: https://www.software.ac.uk/
- Some options are funding restricted, and what we can do with it
- What is the ultimate vision/scope for this website?
    - It is the starting point for everyone who arrives or is the TRE space. If you are tasked with anything, this will be the reference, the place to go.
        - This is a mission statement, this needs to be added (action)

### GH Project board

We now moved over to the project board and changed status, priority and commented as necessary.

## Notes not suitable for GitHub

- X
- X

## Actions
- [ ] Dec event
    - [ ] Update agenda
    - [ ] Prepare project workshop template
    - [ ] revisit terminology
    - [ ] Prepare collaborative note for the day, share in advance
    - [ ] Reach out to people who have registred for "nudges"
- [ ] Create first iteration of views for the GH project ([Issue](https://github.com/uk-tre/community-management/issues/33))
    - [ ] Intro materials, including video tour (1min)
- [ ] Prepare and add mission statement (create issue)
    - [ ] Related to [community-management#33](https://github.com/orgs/uk-tre/projects/1/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=45273037)
    - [ ] Delivered via [community-management#21](https://github.com/uk-tre/community-management/issues/21)
- [ ] RB to create issue about engagement with RDA
- [ ] Figure out how to manage permissions and who to allow to create issues
